Initial pass at working group proposal (#6)
vfx-rs/organization: README.md

# Rust Bindings Working Group

> The Rust bindings working group is dedicated to create C and Rust bindings for C++ libraries used by the media and entertainment industry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rust bindings working group is dedicated to creating C and Rust bindings for C++ libraries used by the media and entertainment industry.
```

Goals of the WG are:

1. Create C and Rust bindings for the projects listed under the [deliverables](#deliverables) section.
2. Create an automated tool to help build C and Rust bindings in a consistent manner.

> 3. Create a set of conventions and rules to create a consistant and ergonomic C and Rust interface for the wrapped libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Define a set of conventions and rules to create a consistent and ergonomic C and Rust interface for the wrapped libraries.
```

4. To have the Rust bindings easily accessable through Rust's crates.io repository.

Non-goals of the WG are:

> 1. Creating new Rust only projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creating new, Rust-only projects.
```

Reviewer 2: + 1. Re-writing/replacing all current aswf projects with rust only implementations.

# Rust Bindings Working Group

The Rust bindings working group is dedicated to create C and Rust bindings for C++ libraries used by the media and entertainment industry.

Goals of the WG are:

> - Create a framework for collaborating with projects and working groups to create consistent C and Rust bindings, and to facilitate creating the bindings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To collaborate with aswf communities to create (or facilitate the creation of) C and Rust bindings which are consistent across projects.
```

- Create tooling to help build the C and Rust bindings.
- Create a set of conventions and rules to create a consistant and ergonomic C and Rust interface for the wrapped libraries.
- To have the Rust bindings easily accessable through Rust's crates.io repository, and to give ownership of those bindings to the ASWF.

Non-goals of the WG are:

> - Converting or reimplementing current C++ libraries into Rust libraries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reimplementing all awsf C++ libraries into Rust.
```
I suggest changing this to be more vague, because we're still not 100% sure about imath. imath could be an exception...
